[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> No one has ever prepared
us for this experience.
We think it's the end.
No, it's not the beginning.
Another beginning.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's knowing that you loved,
knowing that you loved.
It's not easy letting
yourself be loved.
Of course, we've learned
to judge ourselves.
We're always judging ourselves.
But I learned to listen
that I was loved.
I was loved.
And then I would forget
that I was loved.
Those were the most
painful times for me,
forgetting that I was loved.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So you've let yourself be
loved while you've been here.
And you've judged yourself.
And you've forgotten
that you were loved,
and you became alone.
But you will always be here.
You are blessed, you are
forgiven, you are an angel.
You have to listen
that you're loved.
And you have to
forgive all the time.
Listen that you're loved,
and forgive all the time.
You are loved.
Farewell, my son.
Farewell, my daughter.
Farewell, my father.
Farewell, my mother.
Farewell, my sister.
Farewell, my brother.
Thank you for
letting me love you.
Thank you for letting
yourself be loved.
God bless you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]